Refactor CLI Usage Section, add docs (#291)
kudobuilder/www: content/docs/cli/commands.md

:::

## uninstall

Uninstall an instance of a KUDO package. This also removes dependent objects, e.g. deployments, pods. It will NOT remove
the OperatorVersion or Operator CRD.

::: tip Usage
 `kubectl-kudo uninstall --instance=<instanceName> [flags]`
:::

::: warning
This will uninstall the specified operator instance and may lead to data loss!
:::

## update

Update KUDO operator instance with new parameters. The update of parameters can trigger the execution of specific plans.

::: tip Usage
 `kubectl kudo update --instance=<instanceName> [flags]`
:::

::: flag -p, --parameter string=value
The parameter name and value separated by '='. For example `-p NODE_COUNT=3`
:::

::: flag -P, --parameter-file string
A YAML file with parameters. See [install](#install) for details.
:::

::: flag --wait
Specify if the CLI should wait for the update to complete before returning (default "false")
:::

::: flag --wait-time int
Specify the max wait time in seconds for CLI for the update to complete before returning (default "300")
:::

::: tip Info
Updating the value of a parameter in an instance will trigger the plan which is specified in the parameter definition.
:::

## upgrade

> Upgrade a KUDO package from the currently installed version to a new version. The upgrade argument must be a name of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade a KUDO operator instance from the currently installed version to a new version. The upgrade argument must be a name of the 
```

package in the repository, a path to package in *.tgz format, or a path to an unpacked package directory.

Depending on the new operator version you may need to specify certain parameters, for example if the new operator version
has newly added required parameters.

::: tip Usage
 `kubectl kudo upgrade <operatorname> --instance=<instanceName> [flags]`
:::

::: flag --app-version string
A specific app version in the official GitHub repo. (default to the most recent)
:::

::: flag --operator-version string
A specific operator version int the official GitHub repo. (default to the most recent)
:::

::: flag --repo string
Name of repository configuration to use. (default defined by context)
:::

::: flag -p, --parameter string=value
The parameter name and value separated by '='. For example `-p NODE_COUNT=3`
:::

::: flag -P, --parameter-file string
A YAML file with parameters. See [install](#install) for details.
:::

::: warning
Be careful with local directories. If you call `kubectl kudo upgrade flink --instance flink-instance` and you have a local

> directory "flink", the local directory takes precedence over the remote directory.

Reviewer: I don't think this is true any more.

Author: Good catch, it's not. Fixed it.
